API Authentication (part 1): API keys
APIs have different forms of authentication and authorization.

API Keys are a form of authentication that companies or administrators of APIs can grant you to give you access to their API or to certain parts of their API (authorization).

Authentication: who am I? - vs - Authorization: what am I allowed to do?

To regulate this there are API Keys. This is a "key" that you send when you make a request (GET, POST, DELETE, PUT, PATCH) and that grants you access.

Some beautiful imagery
You will encounter beautiful metaphors about API keys all over the web. But we have a great one for you: a company or person that makes an API available is just like the FEBO.

***Ver imagen***

The FEBO has a wall of different "entrances" to what they have to offer (aka the "endpoints" of the API). If you as a customer want to come and get something, you need a euro, which they only want to give to certain developers (say, the customers who can really appreciate a snack). You can use this coin to validate that you are worthy to pull a croquette or grill burger from the wall.

The only difference is that in addition to just consuming, you can also bring (POST), modify (PUT or PATCH) or delete (DELETE) to a REST API if the owner of the company allows this.

You can also withdraw what you want from any vending machine with a euro at the FEBO. However, with an API, the administrator can determine that you only have access to certain endpoints with your API key, or that you can submit a GET request to certain endpoints, but do not have POST request access.

Location of the API key
There are several places in your request where an API key can be expected. Do you remember the request diagrams?

Your API key can end up in these places:

Authorization Header (in the header)
Basic Auth
Body Data (in the body)
Custom Header
Query String (in the url)
Read the API documentation carefully where the API key is expected by the back-end.